I'm going to do a review one fit me
Maybelline's new low coverage minimal
coverage Foundation and I am color 320
and I've been using this for about two
weeks off and on I'm really not a big
foundation where like these are my
normal foundations either covergirl
Queen collection and this is in golden
honey and then I have a black opal stick
cream stick and truly topaz and that's
normally what I use and I know I'm going
to be going somewhere thick and all the
pictures or something then that's what I
thought but I'm trying to get my skin to
be even all the way through without
having foundation so when maybe Lincoln
I would just fit me foundation I said
okay because it was light it wasn't it's
table Clinton wasn't cakey and it's true
I myself use it for two weeks now about
every couple days because I really don't
go anywhere where I need to hide
foundation or whatever so today I'm just
going to do like a quick me doing put it
on when I also got the concealer to go
with it and it's like concealer blush
foundation in a power and this one is in
cafe the concealer so I'm just going to
put the foundation when I put my
foundation on first and I put my
concealer one so I'm just so you can see
it on my hand it's a little runny so
that's it I'm just going to take my
foundation brush from ELF just apply it
that it's really light it's not heavy I
find that it doesn't shrink
and it's just enough coverage especially
if you don't have if you just have
minimal blemishes under-eye circles
things like that it's not it's pretty
much that you don't like that cakey
silver just gonna have a little symptom
of you things I recommend that I think
they do need to expand some their colors
though cuz after this shade which I am I
think it was like one other darker shade
and I think that's 355 so they
definitely need to expand their colors
for women of color because it is a good
makeup line but you know as of most
companies unfortunately they don't kind
of cover everyone like they should but
it is 18 shades but it's still for the
women of color the expansion needs to go
a little darker it may be a little red
because a lot of people that have like I
have red undertones in my skin so a lot
of colors like this normally have yellow
and it gives you that mask look so I was
pleased to find out that this one was my
color but it didn't have yellow as much
girl in it my mom always tells the story
when I came out I was betrayed like
three months after I was born so it kind
of looks like I have yellow undertones
but red is my predominant one okay so
I'm just going to blend into the chin
but you don't have any get into the nose
and so now you can see the difference
it's more even all the way around and it
has kind of have a polished finish to it
so now we're just going to apply the
concealer like I said this is in cafe
just comes with a little sponge tip and
I'm just going to put it around my under
eye circles
and around my nose area gets a little
oil right around there and have a little
mark right here take a concealer brush
just Pat it in
well up and that is the finish that I
normally go over it with some powder and
the powder I use is Mary Kay's something
powder I put out the shade of it but
that's the shade that I use and I just
dab it with elf powder blush just and
only get oily right on my t-zone so I
just try to concentrate the power right
there the reason why I didn't get the
powder that one with the fit me was
because they ran out so I definitely
liked it so but I like to especially
with makeup I try not to buy anything I
still have a lot of so this powder you
can see like I said I don't really
matter where foundation I pad so it
works I'm just going to use it and it's
the same color and there we go so let me
know if any of you have tried the
Maybelline fit me and what do you think
about it like I said I like it I like
the consistency it's not cakey it gives
me a nice oil-free finish but like I
said they do need to expand their colors
to include more women of color shades
like deeper mahogany skin tones so let
me don't you thank guys thanks for
watching